How is that possible?
He's clearly a stinky brick bearer
Mr. Feng, I'm late
Since you are here
Why don't you rush these two out?
YES YES YES
Security kicked them out
You are not allowed to set foot here in the future
Wait a minute.
Apologize to my two children before going out
Song Langao, you did it on purpose, right?
I deliberately pretended to be poor before
Now you say what kind of wind clan he is, you are kidding me
How can we grant you a heart like this?
Give it a good lesson.
Then just throw it out
I'm always sorry.
I have no eyes
It's my dog eyes that look down on people
I will never dare again
Please give me another chance
Mr. Mo
People like you who are tall and low and don't know the truth
Match me to give you a chance
Mr. Wu, you have been fired
Let's go ok
We found the surveillance of the Huangtian Club 5 years ago
But the time interval is too long
Data is overwritten
It will take a while to repair, continue to check
Mr. Fang, what the hell is going on?
Didn't you say you moved bricks?
Why does Dean Wang call you Mr. Fang?
This is a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding
Ah, it's a misunderstanding
Didn't I tell you before?
This kindergarten is run by our boss.
I helped him once before.
That's why he let Dean Wang
Cooperate with me to play a president's play
Is that so?
I say but
This is also a hard lesson for Chen
One meal in sedentary year
It's worth it.
Then let's go back and have a good meal to celebrate
Ok let's go
It's actually acting
How dare you play with me, you stinky brick mover
Wait for me.